Sobriety Rocks18: Hello. Hello.
Christopher
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Joe Kirby.
Sobriety Rocks18: How are you doing,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm doing good. I'm a nurse practitioner sitting here and
Sunny Arizona.
Sobriety Rocks18: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Looks a little cloudy.
Yeah.
Sobriety Rocks18: I got talked into doing walleye fishing.
Sobriety Rocks18: And it was a horrible idea.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Why
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you on the link right now.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, the river.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, why don't you go like like yours.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, this is closer, I don't have a hope.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I used to live in Ohio. We used to go to put me all the time.
Sobriety Rocks18: That's a fun place to go. I've gotten in trouble. There are a couple times and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I did it when I was younger.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't go. I mean so much now, but yeah, when we were
Sobriety Rocks18: Younger we wait
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me
Sobriety Rocks18: Find your Why, Arizona.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: got tired of the cold and the snow.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, we moved out here and June, but I spent all of my life there and Columbus, Ohio, so so licensed in Ohio. But here I am now.
Sobriety Rocks18: Transferred over there's on their job to get a little
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I had to get a new license out here, but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's just a matter once you're licensed. You just paid the state board meta money when you know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, once they get their money they're they're happy, so
Sobriety Rocks18: That's usually how a lot of places.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, they are. So, um, tell me about yourself, what brought you to bright heart health.
Sobriety Rocks18: Um, I had met a couple people that are going through you guys and I had been on Suboxone program before through Langham Medical Center.
Sobriety Rocks18: helped me stay clean for about three and a half years and I you know I thought I could
Sobriety Rocks18: Do it without it. And it kind of backfired on me.
Sobriety Rocks18: Sorry. Okay. Yeah, it's raining now so
Sobriety Rocks18: On top of everything else. It's
Sobriety Rocks18: Up.
Sobriety Rocks18: There we go.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So when was last time you took Suboxone
Uh,
Sobriety Rocks18: I mean I periodically took a
Sobriety Rocks18: Couple years
Have you been prescribe Suboxone
Sobriety Rocks18: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then when you decided you didn't want to do it anymore to just quit. Suddenly, or what happened.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, I just couldn't get it and I, man. I ended up
Sobriety Rocks18: toughing it out for about three weeks.
Sobriety Rocks18: And
Sobriety Rocks18: You know, I was good for a while and then just recently.
Sobriety Rocks18: started slipping up again. So I decided it was time to get back on it, I was buying them off the street and you know I knew I could get back on them somewhere. Yeah, without doing that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What, what was your drug of choice.
Sobriety Rocks18: Um, well, it started this time. It started off with pills and then start dabbling into heroin so
Sobriety Rocks18: But before it was the same thing.
Sobriety Rocks18: Was on heroin for a while.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Wasn't like OxyContin Percocet, sir.
Sobriety Rocks18: oxycodone
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you doing
Sobriety Rocks18: What's that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I do you work.
Sobriety Rocks18: I just lost my job on Friday Thursday. Excellent.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What kind of work, were you doing
Sobriety Rocks18: Working at 2020 molding, Brian.
Sobriety Rocks18: Plastic injection molding.
Sobriety Rocks18: Maintenance tech
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did they lay you off, or what happened.
Sobriety Rocks18: I spent three months, four months working my way into the maintenance position and then with everything going on. They tried to move back to just an operator to pay me $6 less and
Sobriety Rocks18: I wasn't gonna take it because it took it takes me two and a half hours to drive every day so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh my goodness.
Sobriety Rocks18: wasn't worth it.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have a job lined up.
Sobriety Rocks18: Or anything. I'm on
Sobriety Rocks18: I'm currently on indeed a monster. And I found front employment, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I heard the jobless rates and everybody filing for unemployment was pretty bad. This go round.
Sobriety Rocks18: Right. Yeah. So it's either. I mean, I haven't been getting much response on jobs, but I'm hoping
Sobriety Rocks18: It's only been a couple days so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So like as the maintenance tech. Can you like do that like at an apartment complex or something.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That'd be cool, because a lot of times those people get free
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Free
Jill Beavers-Kirby: free rent.
Sobriety Rocks18: Right.
Sobriety Rocks18: But I'm currently. I have a girlfriend, she's we got a condo and mommy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Uh huh.
Sobriety Rocks18: It's 1200 dollars a month in rent, but
Sobriety Rocks18: Most of it gets covered
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So do you have any children.
Sobriety Rocks18: I have three
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How old are your kids.
Sobriety Rocks18: I have 220 month old twins.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh my goodness. Is that are the twins with the girlfriend that you're living with there's somebody else.
Sobriety Rocks18: They they're her kids.
Sobriety Rocks18: We've been together for about a year and a half.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you're who they know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. That's awesome. Wow. Twins.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I think for
Sobriety Rocks18: Her um, they're not identical
Sobriety Rocks18: I know, yeah.
Sobriety Rocks18: So I'm assuming that paternal yeah
Jill Beavers-Kirby: One of my friends. She's a twin, and she, her brother is a twin. So it's a boy and a girl and she said, people would ask her if they were identical twins.
Sobriety Rocks18: Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A boy and a girl.
Sobriety Rocks18: I mean, some people don't know that, though, I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Guess.
Sobriety Rocks18: But yeah, she said.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: People would ask him this all the time and I was like okay so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So how is the mommy area dealing with the coronavirus
Sobriety Rocks18: Ah. Well, Dan, are out here, yelling at people saying, we're doing a good job at keeping our social distance
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well that's nice. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm surprised even out
Sobriety Rocks18: See the line of them out there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's the Department of Natural Resources.
Sobriety Rocks18: No, that's guys fishing.
Sobriety Rocks18: Their office or on the other side.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, okay. No, that's nice.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I've noticed it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Even here, people are doing a really good job of staying keeping up a distance from each other. So that's, I like that. I'm glad that people are listening. I think Ohio's doing a little more than what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Arizona is as far as steps, you know,
Sobriety Rocks18: Telling rather stay home and all that. So yeah, I can't afford to get it and you know I'm kind of feeling coming out now it's just I can't miss while I season.
Sobriety Rocks18: I gotta go stand on the spot by myself. I will
Sobriety Rocks18: Oh, goodness. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you got to get the wall. I gotta get the wall life. So, um, so do you take any other medications anything prescribed
Sobriety Rocks18: I'm not as of yet.
Sobriety Rocks18: I'm currently seeing a psychologist or a psychiatrist. I'm trying to get put back on do Adderall. I was on it when I was younger and
Sobriety Rocks18: It's a process. So I don't know how that's going to go
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did they tell you, you are a DD or ADHD as a young
Sobriety Rocks18: Baby ADHD. I got a
Sobriety Rocks18: Actually had a phone interview with them this morning but it got pushed out for the psychiatrist till next Tuesday.
Sobriety Rocks18: I don't know. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you do well when you are on the Adderall in school.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, yeah, it's actually what helped me get through it. If not, I was gonna fail.
Sobriety Rocks18: And I was on it for
Sobriety Rocks18: A couple years.
Sobriety Rocks18: My parents were handling it when I was younger.
Sobriety Rocks18: And then when I went out on my own. I didn't have
Sobriety Rocks18: Insurance and I you know I just oblivious to that. So I ended up
Sobriety Rocks18: Just being off of it and not having it.
Sobriety Rocks18: And then it's just like I've been in trouble.
Sobriety Rocks18: lost jobs, you know, I just, you know, I noticed that everything is a mess right now.
Sobriety Rocks18: Continuously gotten worse.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you drink coffee or caffeine or anything.
Sobriety Rocks18: I do in the morning.
Sobriety Rocks18: One cup and I do drink energy drinks but I usually limit to that one a day.
Sobriety Rocks18: And it doesn't really do too much though, doesn't it. Okay. I was just wondering
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take any supplements anything over the counter like vitamins or
Sobriety Rocks18: I do is take a multivitamin. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just one a day or something.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah yeah
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you allergic to any medications.
Sobriety Rocks18: No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever had any surgeries.
Sobriety Rocks18: I did on my knee on my left knee. I have my tenants tie back together.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How does the rupture your tenants.
Sobriety Rocks18: Work had a mental block for
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh my gosh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That just makes me her thinking about
Sobriety Rocks18: wasn't pretty.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: much did it cost any permanent damage. Are they able to fix it.
Sobriety Rocks18: Or they fix it. I mean, it hurts. Every now and then, if I'm doing something that's
Sobriety Rocks18: An activity like I played hockey. A couple I played when I was younger. But when I just recently tried playing hurt me for a while.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, are you good at predicting the weather with that me
Sobriety Rocks18: For yeah yeah
Sobriety Rocks18: I mean it's not it's not to a point where it hurts. I bad though.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, maybe when you get older, you might get a little arthritis and and i would i would think probably be something to just keep an eye out for. But I mean, you're out fishing so
Sobriety Rocks18: Good for you.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How long you been smoking.
Sobriety Rocks18: I
Sobriety Rocks18: Know 1213 years
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Packet a half a pack a day.
Sobriety Rocks18: About a pack a day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Interested in quitting that now or
Sobriety Rocks18: What are your thoughts on
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Kind of a stressful time but I thought I would ask so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: See you or your family. There are no Toledo mommy area or
Sobriety Rocks18: No, they live up in Cal casco where's that
Sobriety Rocks18: Traverse City.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Michigan. Yeah, okay. Originally from there.
Sobriety Rocks18: Now they we just always went camping up there as a kid.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And they liked it. And I said, this is where we want to retire.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, moved up there. A couple years ago.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are they in good health. Yeah, right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Sobriety Rocks18: One brother.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is he there and Toledo.
Sobriety Rocks18: Is there here until we go you guys close
Sobriety Rocks18: We've gotten closer over the last year.
Sobriety Rocks18: Older younger, younger. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you say you had a friend who does she goes through bite her health
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So has your friend told you about how they do the group, group meetings and stuff.
Sobriety Rocks18: They mentioned yeah okay once a week, I think, or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah they do group meetings, which is, um, something that I find unique and i like it i with bright heart health. This is my second week, but I've been a nurse practitioner for 15 years and I've been seeing patients with addiction issues for the past three years.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And this is bright heart health is the first company I've seen that does the group meetings and it's really I seen a couple of them. And, you know, been in a couple, but it's really nice because you're in there with other people who are going through the same thing as you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're also I'll be in the meeting. And we also have a therapist in the meeting.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But it's nice because you get to hear what other people have done.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, to get through something or how they manage something just kind of, you know, I learned something. Every time I sit in one of these group meetings I just find it really
Sobriety Rocks18: I go to a place
Sobriety Rocks18: Racing for recovery.
Okay.
Sobriety Rocks18: It's by where I live, and I go to their meetings they do live meetings as well.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How often do you go there.
Sobriety Rocks18: A pride twice a week. Good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And if you go there, or is it via the phone or how do you manage that.
Sobriety Rocks18: I go there sometimes Mondays and Thursdays Thursday's of their live feed meetings, but now that they shut down, they're gonna do more than that because they can't have everybody in the same room. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So do you like the group meeting. Yeah, find it useful.
Sobriety Rocks18: I've been. I've been in and out of there for about a year now. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So when is the last time you did any heroin.
Sobriety Rocks18: It's been two days.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, how are you managing to get through. Are you taking Suboxone off the street or something or
Sobriety Rocks18: I had the head gotten one. And I took that about three hours ago. I wanted to wait there's close to 48 hours as I could. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Was it a pill or a film.
Sobriety Rocks18: A film. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Does your girlfriend do any drugs.
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And she's pretty supportive in this process.
Sobriety Rocks18: Yeah, yeah, she's been there for the last year, so that's awesome.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know you can never have too much support, I think, right. So the way we start Suboxone is
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is we want you to be in withdrawal.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, so I want you to feel bad. Not, not a little withdrawal. I want you to be on a throne and you're going to take a half of the film and let it dissolve.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And it it'll take a few minutes before you start feeling anything. Um, but then in about four hours on should have kind of you know just how am I feeling. Am I still feeling bad. Am I feeling great. Am I feeling. Okay. Could I am I still having some symptoms, just kind of
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, go through all that if you're still feeling bad, and still having symptoms, just go ahead and take the other half of the film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. And the same thing you know you're going to see how you're feeling and a few hours. If you're still feeling not the best like yeah I could use a little more. You go ahead and take
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Another half a film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: This will this will be sent to you, also by one of the care coordinators, they'll send you this in a written down forms. But what what we're trying to do is figure out what dose is going to work best for you and
Sobriety Rocks18: Everybody know where I was at
Sobriety Rocks18: For them three and a half years was
Sobriety Rocks18: Nothing.
Sobriety Rocks18: To 12 milligrams a day for I was on that. Well, they started me out on 90
Sobriety Rocks18: And I was on that for three months. And I was three a day and then they dragged me down to two and a half for two months and then they put me on 60 and I was on NAP for just under three years.
Sobriety Rocks18: That's where
Sobriety Rocks18: Mentally, that's where I had been at your knowledge. I mean, that worked pretty good for me. I don't know. I know that on the higher end
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: When you're saying 60 you mean 60 you would get a prescription for 60 films.
Sobriety Rocks18: Or 90 films. Yeah.
Sobriety Rocks18: Got it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, um, you know, that's okay. If that's what it takes for you.
Sobriety Rocks18: And that's what it takes for
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You all right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And we're gonna figure that out.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, you know, you've you've changed you've gotten a little bit older, your body might be metabolized things a little different.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, but I will. I'll give you you know enough film to get this figured out. Okay.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you ever take any Clonidine when you were on Suboxone
Sobriety Rocks18: I don't know if I did or not.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So Claudia day
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Sobriety Rocks18: I'm like bro
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Some people feel nervous or anxious inside or feel like they just have this pent up energy inside after coming off a heroin.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So sometimes we can give you a little bit of Clonidine if you're feeling like that I'm
Sobriety Rocks18: Not sure what it is.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. It doesn't say it doesn't sound like you've gone through that. But if you notice that you are feeling just nervous it Clonidine is originally a blood pressure pill.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's how it was originally, but we've also found that it helps to calm you down a little bit on the insides, you don't feel like you're
Sobriety Rocks18: Racing. I don't think I was okay.
Sobriety Rocks18: All right, good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you have any problems with constipation. The last time you were on Suboxone
Sobriety Rocks18: No, not really. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because it is, you know, the paper morphine is a pain medicine so it can
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Make you constipated. So just make sure you're drinking enough water eating enough fruits with fiber in fresh
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or Gertz French festivals, that kind of thing, obviously, if it gets to be a problem, contact me and we can you know some other ideas to fix that. I don't want you getting
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Loaded and feeling bad, because you're constipated. Um, what other problems did you have with Suboxone before other than when you decided to stop them.
Sobriety Rocks18: No one really okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The way that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I've got your keep looking over here because I've got your chart pulled up over here. So I'm just kind of looking
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The way that I like to work with patients when it comes to that time that we're gonna get rid of Suboxone is I like to do a slow withdrawal or a taper or Wayne, whatever you want to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Call it
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, but cold turkey doesn't work. I find so when we get to that point, you and I will do that together. I don't have a cookbook recipe book or any rules that say you have to do this. You have to do that you have to do this, it's going to be something that you and I will do together so that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We can manage how you're feeling how you're doing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And, you know, it'll be individualized to how you're feeling
Okay, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Keep me posted to about how things are going with the psychiatrist and the Adderall, because that will also play into how we
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, manage the Suboxone and how that all works together. OK.
OK.
Sobriety Rocks18: I will do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Sobriety Rocks18: I know through my insurance, though. One of the main issues I had was, as it has to be generic form. Okay. Good enough for in and relax and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, thank you. I'm writing that down. So don't forget
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Every, every insurance is different.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And it's funny how some insurances won't take the generic and some insurances that's all they'll take so I don't get it.
Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I just do what they tell me to do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I run that in. Let me look real quick and make sure I have your correct pharmacy in here before I send it. Like I said, you'll get a written instruction about how to start this to figure out the dose.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Our group meets on Wednesdays.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: At one o'clock, so come, you know, come to a zoom chat, just like this.
Sobriety Rocks18: And
Sobriety Rocks18: Like I said, We'll meet in the group like that. So, okay, let me look at my medicines, real quick.
Sobriety Rocks18: Break down pouring rain. Oh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Where's your vehicle.
Sobriety Rocks18: About four miles. Oh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you have to walk back there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, you're gonna need some a nice hot shower and you get back. Alright, so I have the Rite Aid.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: On Golden Gate. Is that where you get your medication medicines.
Sobriety Rocks18: Know Rite Aid and Kroger's on Conan and Russell.
Sobriety Rocks18: Reynolds and awesome
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, thanks for telling me that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. All right. I will send not
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There. And if you need anything or anything comes up, you can just contact me through
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Bright heart health. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, all right, all right. Have fun.
Sobriety Rocks18: Thank you. All right.